Server stubs (are skeleton implementations of an API) and then we will wrap our applicaiton logic with it. 



The next step is to build an API, but before we fully make it, we need to plan its design. We're making an app called stable diffusion that lets users send in a text prompt through the API and then gives them back an image. First, we're going to plan out how it should work.

Next, we'll add our main work processes into the server setup. We'll use something called the OPENAPI standard to help us make our API. I've put together a template where the most important part is the 'generate-image' endpoint. This part takes in text from the user and makes an image from it, then gives back the image as a base64 encoded string.

You might want to add more features, but to keep things simple, we won't go into every possible feature.

Here's a quick look at what's in the template:

It has different paths like:
register
text-to-image-generator
image-manipulator1
image-manipulator2
increase-limit
health-check
system-monitoring
We won't talk about the image-manipulator paths in this guide, but I know some of you might want to work with images directly, so they're included.

Other paths are basic ones that most apps have, like signing up users, asking for payment for the service, checking if the server is working fine, and keeping an eye on the server's resources for various reasons.

The template also has ways to handle different errors.

and since this template fully defines an api we can use a third party tools to coovert it to 
server side code. 


first we will validate it and also create a documentation from it using swagger editor.
and then we can use  

https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/installation like tool to convert the yaml file into fastapi client code. 
brew install openapi-generator
openapi-generator generate -i a.yaml -g python-fastapi -o .

and this will give us the implementation code. which we will fuirther edit. 













so lets start with talking about the inputs and outputs

our input is a prompt which is a string 
output is a picture which is a base64 encoded string
our output can also be an error message from our server and this error message can contain different errors 
like generation failed 
     this user is not authenticated
and etc
which might be a message about image generation failed
also it might be that this user is not authenticated
or what else?

how it works is we will send a post request with information and we will receive the generated image in base64 format
and in our post requests we are sending some other data as well such as 

  time of request, 
  type of request 
  


create a dou

